Simulation in A2

* Do all tutorial tuts (must be able to do them with eyes closed)
  -"The survival kits at the end of each chapter is typically what I would summarize if I were a student.""Speaker 1: 00:00
  If I had to set tutorial tests I would use these as guidelines for the test and then modifications or variations of these four A2. I try everything to help you but I'm not going to give you the answer."
  -"If you see inverse transform or you see inverse transform continuous or discrete, ask yourself: 'myself: Do I know what this is about? Can I write something down? Can I go and tell my mom?' "
  -"So if you can recognize the topics then you will be fine in A2... My experience is that students study and they study but they don't link what they study to what the topic actually is."

-\["I know specifically my postgrad students say you were nasty. We thought you're not going to ask that one last year and you did it. Do not sport, don't play games. Study what I tell you to study. And I'll tell you what to leave out. There are old papers in circulation, but that's long time ago, so I've moved on. There are also notes of previous years in circulation. I warned you several occasions previously to critically check what the previous students did and make sure it's correct. I see year after year repetition of wrong answers to correct questions and vice versa."]<--- extra side ramble from lecturer

-"I don't require you to know instant talk syntax, not about coding. Same with the TPS (Tecnomatix Plant Simulator) objects. So I'm not going to ask you what is a buffer or a single prompt or a parallel prompt\\note{im not sure if he was saying 'problem' or what?}. But the ,the experiment manager(EM), the output. You must know very well. You must be able to interpret it. So I can give you a picture of the confidence intervals. I'm not even going to try and hide it. You will get the P table question, five scenarios. Cheap, expensive P values. Which one is the one winner? No fuss about ,right, it was in the tutorial and you do it now repetitively. You now have to select a scenario today for the number of doctors, nurses, CR1, yes or no, etc. So I believe that procedure is drilled into you before A2."

-"You don't have to study the tables with statistical values, they will be provided. Ill give you the formula sheet and the one that's attached to the back of this file is the one that you will see on the 7th of November. Not all of the formulas are applicable. It's a standardized formula sheet, so you may need some of those formulas, but not all of them."

-\["Often students try to interpolate and extrapolate and say if this formula here is going to ask the player that came just by your period. "]<---Not sure what he said here.

-"I won't ask you master calculations, for example TFV. I can't wait 77. You have three hours in the calculator, so there's no need in telling you doing that."]<--- not sure what hes saying here

-"Then the GA must be known, the genetic algorithm. You must know what crossover is notation, the choice of population size and number of generations. Those two are very important. It's about exploration and exploitation. I'm going to explain it to you. You have a solution or a problem with the decision space. That's huge. Solutions space that is huge. So what do you do to explore and to exploit? Explore is how wide you look and exploit is about how do you utilize the information so explore is about the population size of exploit is about a number of generations. How many times you allow that algorithm to learn at the cost of computational effort? That's always the thing."

-\["King Nelson is very important. But you don't need to know the procedure in detail. I don't expect you to memorize it. But you must know the difference between KN and the one that we do and that's ANOVA. ANova has a fixed number of replications. KM is small. It only does enough replications to separate scenarios or experiments for val... \\note{not sure how he ended this sentence off}I can't separate these, they are similar."

-"Then the models, you must know them very well. Including the use of Model 0. After A2 here at the end of the year students say I don't know what model 0 is. I've explicitly put it in the module framework in case we have to go to court. So I have a solid case. It is the drive through model, it's the McDonald's model, it's the McD model. There are many names for...\\note{not sure what he said here}...there will be questions about, for example the validation, The buffer sizes must be correctly stated and the right order must go to the right column. Then work through the models and think what theory is applicable. It's usually what we did in the past tutorials. First question, the system state variables, the input output, that table. That is what I'm aiming at. The assistants told me that we must include that table to guide you, to help you to understand what you must study for... ...That's what they summarize... ... In that table, the Shannon Road that says events, don't say pay for burgers at McDonald's or Cook prepares food. That's not an event. An event is when something starts and then something ends. And the wise student would open their ears now and their minds and they would realize. He gives me the answer. An event is not prepare the food. Event is something that occurs at a point in time. That's why we call it discrete event simulation. So if you are a wise smart student, you would realize any process or anything that happens at a point in time. And I'm going to give him that in the A2. For example: Patient arrives, patient leaves that point in time. That's an event. Doctor starts seeing patient. Doctor finishes seeing patient. Doctor starts washing hands. Doctor finishes washing hands. Customer joins Q. That point where the customer joins Q, that's an event. Customer exits Q, that's an event."

-"State variables: ... for yourself. Make a mental model where you see that model evolves over time from P0 and then at the capital T you stop it you pause it. Then you count how many are in the buffer, how many are in reception what is the utilization of the doctor at that point? It's very simple to describe. There are no catches. That's what I'm trying to tell you. So simple, but you complicate it. I'm giving you the answer right. Understand the dynamics of the model. So McDonald's is effectively a buffer allocation problem, which you will do next week because you have stations and the products flow from one station to the other. But it can't proceed if the limited space between stations are occupied."

-"The... ...is the trauma unit model.  What are the entities? What are the attributes, if any? It's not mandatory that there are attributes. Think out of the box. How can I apply Shannon's worldview? Well its question 1 of today. \\note{hes refering to the tutorial 12 that we did on this day} What would happen if the buffer allocation problem buffer sizes would increase to infinity. So you would then be appointed with a partner. Anyway, same for McDonald's. \\note{cant here how he started this sentence}... spaces between windows are increasing to infinity. Why do all the models have upper bounds for their throughput? Can you remember we discussed it? Every model that's on the left hand side, the source that says Expo 4, Expo 10 or whatever that is the maximum entities that can be injected into the moldel. So in the hospital or chroma unit model, if patients arrive, say Expo 10, it means every 10 minutes on average there's some patients. So there are six patients per hour. If you run it for 24 hours, you expect 24.6, which is 120. So if you run your model for 24 hours and you get 180, 122, your model might be...\\note{not sure if he ended this sentence off with correct or miscorrect/incorrect}. But you will never get way more than that because that is the maximum that the source can provide. People miss it. I think if you make the buffers infinity, the throughput will become...\\note{not sure how he ended this setence off}. I see that source as a tap. And you have pipe network here. If the pipes are thin, you have little water dripping up at the end. If you make those pipes huge, everything that the tap provides will run out there. It's a... ...balance. You get that I'm crazy. Why is the trauma unit relaxing? Well, you have doctors in your family. You know they are there to make money. So patient is actually just an entity that you different process. Patient arrives at the section which is the resource. Patient arrives at the section which is patient goes to the CR, draws in resources, doctors, nurses have a certain requirement 111-12-etc, then the patient leaves, that's nothing else but the mcDonalds process."

-"The validation: What must I do to make the model adequately representative? Not accurate. Please don't use that word. There's no such thing as an accurate model. It is adequate. So in the case of the McDonald's model, you cannot have more spaces between windows than there are physically in the real world. Tecnomatix will allow you to specify those buffers as infinite, but it will give you a false answer because that's not available."

-"This is a catch: In today's model/note{hes talking about the tutorial 12}, if you have the auction worker stage here, after completing the job, it's those little gray workspaces. I don't know if you remember that. If you check that, which means the worker space at that position where it was called to work. Is that valid in the trauma unit model? So the doctor and the nurse go to the consulting room, they finish the patient, then the patient goes away and remodel it by checking and say, you stay here. Is that valid? It's not valid in this case. The doctor and nurse must go to the restroom and scrub again. You don't want to go into a consulting room. And the doctor still has blood in his hands from the previous patient. Okay, it's serious actually"

-This is another catch: In the RQ model, People are surprised that when your R and Q are both low, you still have high cost. That's counterintuitive. Quite boring. No, if R is low, it means you're gonna reorder many, many times. And reordering is very expensive. So even if your queue is low and you carry little inventory, you reordered five bottles of water every 10 minutes. It costs you a lot of money. You don't carry any, but people bring \\note{ i think he finished the sentence by saying 'up in every time you pay for that'}. So think of your models"

-"I have done this one in 2.4 today, so I expect you to know the symbols. That capital thing there is capital omega in Greek. And the X bolt is the set of possible input values. So in your experiment where you have selected number of doctors, number of nurses, CR1 false. CR1 4 false. One of those rows is one of those bold X's because it's a vector consisting of precision variables, model of doctors, nurse and the states of the two... So X bolt is a row in a experiment. Can you see this model makes a hell of a lot of \\note{not sure if he said sense or sick}"

-"Right. Now here's the paper layout and marks allocation: Question one is theory simulation spraying list. Why do we simulate? We, for example, investigate before we expand the business. We don't want to spend capital unnecessarily and all of that. My cousin Brachman says their Tops bottle store is now a SPAR (grocery store), so you investigate that before. Question two is input analysis, chi squared, inverse transform and so on... And you will see there's no KS test. So I decided not to play games. I did not ask KS in A2 so there's no KS. Question 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 are 103 marks, all models. I just said question 1 of each tutorial. Question 10 is output H n\* multi objective optimization \\note{he said itself or and so on...}. The exam is 3 hours, 118 hours Etc. So I did not ask in A2 Monte Carlo, contaminating system, and KS but because of fit you must know... you don't have to take photos on Stemlearn\\note{hes referring to the slides that accompanied this lecture with A2 content in the slides}. For example, in the goodness of fit test, you know, you do a hypothesis test and you make a type 1 error. What are these? Type 1 error is where you reject the null while it's true. Etc. Know that. I know many women who committed type 1 errors. They rejected me. And in A3 \\note{which is the sup exam if I fail this one} it's more or less the same format, but there is a KS (test) problem there. But still no Monte Carlo or it's not all and... ...so I Save your time there. The formula sheet is on stemlearn, you wont necessarily need to apply all of the formulas... ...what you need will be there 

